Friday October 13th - Project Day 1
    Amine volunteered to set up the GitHub repo. 
    Then we ended the meeting early to read through the assignment instructions.

October 14 and 15th
    Karina - created the logo and pushed to GitHub repo.
    Karina - srated working on the Low-fidelity wireframe  -  display elements in simple content blocks or general images, taking our team basic concept and turning it into something more refined. This phase will determine what graphical elements need to be created and what copy needs to be written.

Monday October 16th - Project Day 2
    Karina - working on the Low-fidelity wireframe
    Amine finished defining the database entities and their attributes.
    Benjamin - Started HTML based on wireframe

Tuesday October 17th - Project Day 3
    Amine - worked on the E/R Diagram. 
    Benjamin - Converted HTML to php
    Karina - Working on HTML for home page

Wednesday October 18th - Project Day 4
    Benjamin - Started Database, created sql file
    Amine - researched and found theweb hosting server for our website: infinityfree.com
    Karina - Working on CSS, HTML and PHP for home page

Thurday October 19th - 
    Karina - Working on HTML for search page
    Group discussion about Home page, Admin panel & db improvements

Friday October 20th -
    Karina - Working on HTML for search page
    Amine - Started working on Contact Us page.
    Benjamin - DB structure Update, Continued work on Registration page

Monday October 23rd -
Amine - Started the Contact Us page.
   Benjamin - created some sample data for DB, continued suffering with Registration page
   Karina - search page done, added db samples 

Tuesday October 24th
    Benjamin - Registration Page almost complete! TDB password hashing and checking for username already in use
    Karina - Update Header and Footer, working on all listing page, Details page and get in touch page
    Amine - added the mail function for the contact form.


Wednesday October 25th -
    Benjamin - Password hashing, and username validation finished. created login page, css tweaks
    Karina - Listing page created but not finalized
    Amine - Started the User profile dashboard

Thursday October 26th -
    Benjamin - Continued login page work. Almost finished. TDB Cookies. Added functions.php
    Karina - Working listing page, entering db information to be able to test the function on the listing page.
    Amine - is working on the User profile dashboard.

Friday October 27th -
    Benjamin - Cleaning; organizing, reduce redundancies, add comments (i always forget those), minor fixes
    Karina - after test: fixed link home on footer, fixed link contact us on footer, fixed link all listings us on footer, fixed several links on our header.
    Amine - is working on the User profile dashboard.

Saturday October 28th -
    Benjamin - 
    Karina - create about us page, create saved properties page (user needs to log in first)
    Amine - pushed an initial version of the user profile dashboard

Monday October 30th -
    Amine - Setting up the Admin dashboard button.
    Karina - all_listing and latest_listing pages created to do list to compare with requirements

Tuesday October 31st - Happy Halloween!
    Benjamin - Started Admin / Agent Panel, 000webhost setup.
     Amine - pushed the Admin dashboard button.
     Karina - statarted to review all pages and make some adjustments

Wednesday Novemeber 1st
    Benjamin - Admin/Agent panel; Delete function, Add/edit function
    Amine - moved the error messages in the login box and made them red as well.
    Karina - CSS and HTML adjustments

Thursday Novemeber 2nd
    Benjamin - add/edit properties function
    Amine - is working the users and agent sections of the admin panel. Also started the project report.
    Karina - details.php and fixing small css issues

Friday Novemeber 3rd
    Benjamin - 
    Amine - 
    Karina - details.php and part 2 and 3 of the small fixings 

Saturday Novemeber 4th
    Benjamin - 
    Amine - 
    Karina - finished details.php, general website test and fixed small issues